Fix: Buttons - breaks when gradient bg selected and gradient not working as expected on frontend. (#3217)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= x.x.x =

> * Fix: Buttons - Was throwing error when we choose background color as gradient.
> * Fix: Buttons - Background color gradient not working on frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which an error was thrown when the background color was set to gradient.
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the background color gradient would not work as intended on the front end.
```

Author: Done
